1. CS 2400 Project 1 done by Hemil Bhavsar, Kevin Kim, and Sean Abi Saab.
2. Hemil Bhavsar added the methods getCurrentSize, isEmpty, isFull, add(T newEntry), T remove, remove(T anEntry), clear, getFrequencyOf, contains, toArray, and also Node class to the LinkedBag.java class. he also wrote the test cases for on the Linkedbagtest.java and ResizableArrayBagTest.java. He edited the video and uploaded it on youtube. Kevin Kim added the union, intersection, and difference methods to the "BagInterface" interface for the ADT Bag. He also created a README.md file and completed the "efficiency.docx" that includes time complexities of every method in both the best case and the worst case for this assignment. Lastly, he helped the rest of his group project members implementing the union, intersection, and difference methods for both "ResizableArrayBag" and "LinkedBag" classes. Sean Abi Saab added the methods getCurrentSize, isEmpty, isFull, add(T newEntry), T remove, remove(T anEntry), clear, getFrequencyOf, contains, and toArray to the "BagInterface" interface for the ADT Bag. He wrote the implementation of the difference methods and helped with implementation of the intersection methods for both ResizableArrayBag.java and LinkedBag.java. He also helped with writing the test cases and the client program BagDriver.java.
3. We have implemented a unit test class using JUnit Test Framework on both “ResizableArrayBagTest.java” and “LinkedBagTest.java” as our extra feature.
4. Here is the link to [our screencast video]() on YouTube.
5. Here is the link to [the Javadoc's start page](). 
